---
layout: testimonials
title: Testimonials
permalink: /testimonials/
---

# Client Testimonials

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

> &nbsp;

When recommending or referring someone to Cami I would say she was always readily available and prompt in responding to my questions. I have always trusted her knowledge and personal efforts and that certainly lowered my stress. It was I who tried to push the list price beyond her recommendation and of course she knew better. Her communication style is professional and personal. It was not easy getting the house ready to sell because of the number of years spent in our home and the process I was going through to finally move. Cami did ALL she could to help me\!

\- Noella M

&nbsp;

Michele unquestionably provides exceptional service and holds herself to the highest standards in the real estate industry. She was incredibly responsive and available at the drop of a hat in this fast paced market. I would recommend her to anyone looking to buy or sell their home and appreciate her candor and expertise.

\- Stephanie S

&nbsp;

<div class="client-testimonial"><p class="testimonial-text">You all were awesome!! Found our dream home in a very short time &ndash; our 2nd showing! More than that, you made the process for us as first time buyers as easy and stress free as it could be. Always available for questions and always kept us updated and in the loop! We cant thank you enough! You all were great and we really appreciate everything you did for us. This is the Dream Team, could not ask for anyone better!</p><p class="testimonial-author">&mdash; Tina and Cody</p><hr /><div class="client-testimonial"><p class="testimonial-text">Building a new house can and should be a monumental and exciting time in your life. It is important to make sure that you have a professional to support you during this experience. We learned the hard way that a new build contract protects only the builder, but with the support of a real-estate agent you can ensure that your rights will be protected. We encourage all those who are preparing to build a new home to consult an agent before you sign any paperwork. This will ensure that you are protected throughout the build process and during the warranty provided by your builder.</p><p class="testimonial-author">&mdash; Wendy K.</p><hr /><div class="client-testimonial"><p class="testimonial-text">Shannon is a gifted communicator and negotiator. She gets the job done with determination and laughter. She is absolutely great to work with and she is funny! I highly recommend Shannon for any of your real estate needs.</p><p class="testimonial-author">&mdash; Dale G.</p><hr /><div class="client-testimonial"><p class="testimonial-text">I challenge you to find a more passionate real estate agent than Shannon Doser! She is in a highly competitive industry and her drive to succeed and her ability to surpass her client&rsquo;s expectations put her in the top in her field. I always recommend Shannon and if you have the pleasure of working with her, you will too.</p><p class="testimonial-author">&mdash; Dan M.</p><hr /><div class="client-testimonial"><p class="testimonial-text">Shannon and her team were wonderful during the buy and sell of our new home. Always on time, prompt and had a great, positive attitude. When she outlined the process, timing, pricing etc, it happened exactly as she had told us. Next time we sell and buy we will use Shannon and her team, couldn&rsquo;t ask for a better experience! Not only did we get a great agent, but a new friend</p><p class="testimonial-author">&mdash; Robin H.</p><hr /><div class="client-testimonial"><p class="testimonial-text">Shannon was a life saver. She not only was able to get our house sold, but was very good at finding houses that fit our needs and our budget. I would certainly recommend her to prospective home buyers.</p><p class="testimonial-author">&mdash; Shawn E.</p><hr /><div class="client-testimonial"><p class="testimonial-text">I am so delighted that we listed our home with Shannon and the Doser Group. The entire team was professional and knew the market better than anyone else. Not only did we get the price we wanted, it also sold in two days!!</p><p class="testimonial-author">&mdash; Willie T.</p><hr /><div class="client-testimonial"><p class="testimonial-text">You did an amazing job! You and your team go above and beyond, think outside the box and have an awesome knack for staging. Even with Cami on vacation and then during 2 major holidays, you guys were on the ball and were super responsive. Thank you for all of your help! I will be referring lots of people to you &hellip; especially the ones who think they want to sell by owner!!</p><p class="testimonial-author">&mdash; Kristi S.</p><hr /><div class="client-testimonial"><p class="testimonial-text">Karen was easy to work with, fun but always professional. I had limited time to buy the house as we were living outside the US at the time of our house hunt. I only had a few days to pick something and start the process. She dedicated two solid days just for me and worked above and beyond to work out kinks for us after I was back in England. Thank you Karen for all your hard work!</p><p class="testimonial-author">&mdash; Cheri and James B.</p><hr /><div class="client-testimonial"><p class="testimonial-text">Karen is absolutely great to work with. She is responsive and promptly coordinates showings providing pertinent information to base decisions on. Karen is a pleasure to work with and flexible to meet the customer's needs. We could not be more satisfied and highly recommend Karen as your next realtor.</p><p class="testimonial-author">&mdash; Michael and Stacey J.</p><hr /><div class="client-testimonial"><p class="testimonial-text">Karen Hill is patient, helpful, and knowledgeable as a realtor. When my husband and I had trouble agreeing on a house, Karen mentioned finding the neighborhood that We liked best and choosing the home that way! This was helpful because one always wants to come home to the neighborhood they enjoy. Karen is always available, reliable, and thoughtful!! When we had 2 bids on the home of our dreams....Karen told us to add a note for the seller as to why we were the better bid....and we gratefully were chosen by the buyer!!!! When we began running into complications with selling our home in another state Karen took unexpected steps to move that closing along so it would not jeopardize the closing here in Kansas. Without her extensive wisdom and experience under those tough circumstances we might STILL be trying to sell our home and buy the one here! Thank you, Karen!</p><p class="testimonial-author">&mdash; Andrew and Rachel J.</p><hr /><div class="client-testimonial"><p class="testimonial-text">Karen Hill was amazing!! If it wasn't for her, our months and months of searching would have been for naught. We wanted the PERFECT home for our growing family, and she did JUST that! Definitely will be recommending her to friends and family!</p><p class="testimonial-author">&mdash; Mauricio and Dorinda R.</p><hr /></div></div></div></div></div></div></div></div></div></div></div></div>
